docs: document kubelet cgroup driver detection from the runtime (#42160)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  The Job controller uses Pod finalizers and a field in the Job status to keep
  track of the finished Pods to count towards completion.
- `KMSv2`: Enables KMS v2 API for encryption at rest. See [Using a KMS Provider for data encryption](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kms-provider) for more details.
- `KubeletCgroupDriverFromCRI`: Enable detection of the kubelet cgroup driver

>   configuration option from the CRI. This feature gate requires the user run a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  configuration option from the {{<glossary_tooltip term_id="cri" text="CRI">}}.
  You can use this feature gate on nodes with a kubelet that supports the feature gate
  and where there is a CRI
```

Author: Thanks. Changed as suggested

  container runtime that supports the `RuntimeConfig` CRI call. If both CRI and

>   Kubelet support this feature, the kubelet will ignore the cgroupDriver
>   (--cgroup-driver) configuration option. If the container runtime doesn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kubelet support this feature, the kubelet ignores the `cgroupDriver` configuration
  setting (or deprecated `--cgroup-driver` command line argument).
  If you enable this feature gate and the container runtime doesn't
```

Author: 👍 Changed as suggested

>   support it, the kubelet will fallback to using its cgroupDriver option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  support it, the kubelet falls back to using the driver configured using the `cgroupDriver`
  configuration setting.
```

Author: 👍 Changed as suggested
